# Unit 2 am/is/are (questions)
---
## 2.1 Find the right answers for the questions.
1. **Q:** Where's the camera?   
 **A:** In your bag.  

2. **Q:** Is your car blue?  
  **A:** No, it's black.  

3. **Q:** Is Kate from London?  
 **A:** No, She's American.  

4. **Q:** Am I late?  
  **A:** Yes, you are.  

5. **Q:** Where's Amy from?  
  **A:** London.  

6. **Q:** What colour is your bag?  
  **A:** Black.  

7. **Q:** Are you hungry?  
  **A:** No, I'm not.  

8. **Q:** How is George?  
  **A:** Very well.

9. **Q:** Who's that woman?  
  **A:** My sister.  

## 2.2 Make questions with these words.
1. (is / at home / your mother) **Is your mother at home?**
2. (your parents / are / well) **Are your parents well?**
3. (interesting / is / your job) **Is your job interesting?**
4. (the shops / are / open today) **Are the shops open today?**
5. (from / where / you / are) **Where are you from?**
6. (interested in sport / you / are) **Are you interested in sport?**
7. (is / near here / the station) **Is the station near here?**
8. (at school / are / your children) **Are your children at school?**
9. (you / are / late / why) **Why are you late?**

## 2.3 Complete the questions. Ues What.../ Who.../ Where.../How...
1. **How are** your parent? -- They're very well.
2. **Where is** the bus stop? -- At the end of the street.
3. **How old are** your children? --- Five, six and ten.
4. **How much are** these oranges? --- $1.5 a kilo.
5. **What is** your favourite sport? --- Skiing.
6. **Who is** the man in this photo? --- That's my father.
7. **What colour are** your new shoes? --- Black.

## 2.4 Write the questions.
1. (name?)**What's your name?** --- Paul.
2. (American?)**Are you from America?** --- No, I'm Australian.
3. (how old?)**How old are you?** --- I'm 30.
4. (a teacher?)**Are you a teacher?** --- No, I'm a lawyer.
5. (married?)**Are you married?** --- Yes, I am.
6. (wife a lawyer?)**Is your wife a lawyer too?** --- No, she's a designer.
7. (from?)**Where is she from?** --- she's ltalian.
8. (her name?)**What is her name?** --- Anna.
9. (how old?)**How old is she?** --- She's 27.

## 2.5 Write short answers(Yes, I am./ No, he isn't etc)
1. Are you married? **No, I'm not**
2. Are you thirsty? **Yes, I am**
3. Is it cold today? **No, it's not**
4. Are your hands cold? **No, I'm not**
5. Is it dark now? **Yes, it is.**
6. Are you a teacher? **No, I'm not**
