# I have... and I've got
---
## 9.1 Write these sentences with got. The meaning is the same.
1. They have two children.
  * They've got two children.
2. She doesn't have a key.
  * She hasn't got a key.
3. He has a new job.
  * He has got a new job.
4. Do you have an umbrella?
  * Have you got an umbrella?
5. We have a lot of work to do.
  * We have got a lot of work to do.
6. I don't have your phone number.
  * I haven't got your phone number.
7. Does your father have a car?
  * Have your father got a car?
8. How much money do we have?
  * How much money have we got?

## 9.2 Write these sentences with do / does / don't / doesn't. The meaning is the same.
1. Have you got any money?
  * Do you have any money?
2. I haven't got many clothes.
  * I don't have many clothes.
3. Has Tom got a brother?
  * Does Tom have a brother?
4. How many children have they got?
  * Have many children do they have?
5. Have you got any questions?
  * Do you have any questions?

## 9.3 Read the questions and answers. Then write sentences about Mark.
1. Have you got a car?  --  No.
  * He hasn't got a car.
  * He doesn't have a car.
2. Have you got a bike?  --  Yes.
  * He has got a bike.
  * He has a bike.
3. Have you got a dog?  --  No.
  * He hasn't got a dog.
  * He doesn't have a dog.
4. Have you got a mobile phone?  --  Yes.
  * He has got a mobile phone.
  * He has a mobile phone.
5. Have you got a watch?  --  No.
  * He hasn't got a watch.
  * He doesn't have a watch.
6. Have you got any brothers or sisters?  --  Yes, two brothers and a sisters
  * He has got two brothers and a sisters.
  * He has two brothers and a sisters.

7. I don't have a dog. / I haven't got a dog.
8. I don't have a bike. / I haven't got a bike.
9. I have a sister. / I have got a sister.


## 9.4 Complete the sentences. Use have, has, don't have or doesn't have.
1. Sarah doesn't have a car. She goes everywhere by bike.
2. They like animals. They have three dogs and two cars.
3. Charles isn't happy. He has a lot of problems.
4. They are always busy. They haven't got much free time.
5. What's wrong? I have got something in my eye
6. Where's my pen? I don't know. I do have it.
7. Amy wants to go to the concert, but she hasn't got a ticket.

## 9.5 Complete the sentences. Use have / has got or haven't / hasn't got with.
1. I'm not feeling very well. I've got a headache.
2. Everybody likes Tom. He has got a lot of friends.
3. She can't open the door. She hasn't got a key.
4. Quick! We haven't got much time.
5. An insect have six legs.
6. I'm unemployed. I haven't got a job.
