# Why does the C programming language refuse to die?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
As a technology research analyst, I try to keep up pace with the changing  
world of technology. It seems like every single day, there is a new programming  
language, framework, or tool emerging out of nowhere. In order to keep up, I   
regulary have a peek at the listcles on TIOBE, PYPL, and Stackoverflow along with  
some twitter handles and popular blogs, which keeps my FOMO(fear of missing  
out) in check.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
So here I was, stroling through the TIOBE index, to see if a new programming  
language is making the rounds or if any old timer language is facing its doomsday  
in the lower half of the table. The first thing that caught my attention was **Python,   
which interestingly broke into the top3** for the fist time since it was ranked by  
TIOBE. I never cared to look at **Java**, since it has been claiming the throne ever since  
it became popular. But with my pupils dilated, I saw something which I would have  
never expected especially with the likes of **Python, C#, Swift,** and **JavaScript** around.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
There it was, the language which everyone seemed to have forgotten about,  C,  
sitting at second position , like an old tower among the modern skyscrapers in New  
York. A quick scroll down shocked me even more: C was only recently named the  
**language of 2017** by TIOBE. The reason it won was because of its impressive yearly  
growth of 1.69% and its consistency - C has been featured in the top 3 list for almost  
four decades now.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
This result was in stark contrast to many news sources(including **Pack's own  
research**) that regulary place languages like **Python** and **JavaScript** on top of their  
polls. But surely this was an indicator of something. Why would a language which is  
almost 50 years old still hold its ground against the ranks of newer programming  
language?
